update vault integration docs (#8543)
hashicorp/nomad: website/pages/docs/integrations/vault-integration.mdx

```shell-session
# Create a namespace "engineering" within Vault
$ vault namespace create engineering

# Create a child namespace "frontend" under "engineering"
$ vault namespace create -namespace=engineering frontend
```

### Required Vault Policies

Policies are configured per Namespace. We will apply the policy in the example above to each Namespace.

```shell-session
# Apply the policy to our engineering namespace
$ vault policy write -namespace=engineering nomad-server nomad-server-policy.hcl

# Apply the policy to our engineering/frontend namespace
$ vault policy write -namespace=engineering/frontend nomad-server nomad-server-policy.hcl
```

We will also configure the previously configured `nomad-cluster` role with each Namespace

```shell-session
# Create the token role with Vaule for engineering
$ vault write -namespace=engineering /auth/token/roles/nomad-cluster @nomad-cluster-role.json

# Create the token role with Vaule for engineering/frontend
$ vault write -namespace=engineering/frontend /auth/token/roles/nomad-cluster @nomad-cluster-role.json
```

The [Nomad agent Vault integration][config] congfiguration supports specifying a Vault Namespace, but since

> we will be using multiple and have configured our policies it can be left blank so by default Nomad interacts with Vault in it's root Namespace.

Reviewer: The sentence is a bit unwieldy... not a big deal, but here's an attempt at making it read easier:

```suggestion
we will be using multiple it can be left blank. By default Nomad will interact with Vault's root Namespace, but individual jobs may specify other Vault Namespaces to use.
```

```hcl
vault {
  enabled               = true
  ca_path               = "/etc/certs/ca"
  cert_file             = "/var/certs/vault.crt"
  key_file              = "/var/certs/vault.key"
  address               = "https://vault.service.consul:8200"
  create_from_role      = "nomad-cluster"
  allow_unauthenticated = false # Disabling allow_unauthenticated is a best practice for securing your cluster
}
```

The same steps can be taken to inject a Vault token from the [Retrieving the Token Role based Token](#retrieving-the-token-role-based-token) steps.

### Submitting a job with a Vault Namespace

> Since allow_unauthenticated is set to false job submitters will need to get a sufficiently privileged token to use when submitting a job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since [`allow_unauthenticated`][allow_unauth] is set to `false` job submitters will need to provide a sufficiently privileged token when submitting a job.

[allow_unauth]: /docs/configuration/vault#allow_unauthenticated
```

### Example Configuration

Below is an example for creating two Namespaces within Vault.

```shell-session
# Create a namespace "engineering" within Vault
$ vault namespace create engineering

# Create a child namespace "frontend" under "engineering"
$ vault namespace create -namespace=engineering frontend
```

### Required Vault Policies

Policies are configured per Namespace. We will apply the policy in the example above to each Namespace.

```shell-session
# Apply the policy to our engineering namespace
$ vault policy write -namespace=engineering nomad-server nomad-server-policy.hcl

# Apply the policy to our engineering/frontend namespace
$ vault policy write -namespace=engineering/frontend nomad-server nomad-server-policy.hcl
```

We will also configure the previously configured `nomad-cluster` role with each Namespace

```shell-session
# Create the token role with Vaule for engineering
$ vault write -namespace=engineering /auth/token/roles/nomad-cluster @nomad-cluster-role.json

# Create the token role with Vaule for engineering/frontend
$ vault write -namespace=engineering/frontend /auth/token/roles/nomad-cluster @nomad-cluster-role.json
```

> The [Nomad agent Vault integration][config] congfiguration supports specifying a Vault Namespace, but since

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Nomad agent Vault integration][config] configuration supports specifying a Vault Namespace, but since
```
